Look, people disappear.
They lose time.
Planes crash that
are never recovered.
Look, there's unexplained lights
in the sky
and orbs floating
into campsites.
Believe that a clandestine
government study was conducted in the 1940s.
Exactly. It's like the
Bermuda Triangle of North America.
I'm very serious.
All the time. Everything.
I assume this guy has zero
scientific credibility, right?
He's a cryptolinguist.
That sounds made up.
I mean, you name
it, and it happens there.
Yes.
Yeah, it's just,
it's right in our backyard.
We just gotta
get a crew up there.
Yeah. All right.
We got it right here.
So, uh, 12 years in the Navy,
codebreaker,
doctorate in primate behavior.
Who's that?
That crypto-whatever the fuck.
Cryptolinguist.
Crypto-what-the-fuck-I-don't-
know-what-you're-talking-about.
Now, you got to have Tom
re-record the opening intro.
Call him a Navy vet,
call him a scientist.
Put "Doctor" in front of his name
in that opening graphic thing.
Make his credentials sound like
they're fucking real.
It is a place of legends.
Bigfoot. Right.
Yeah. That's the angle.
But, look, we have
accounts going back
hundreds of years. There's
folklore, indigenous accounts.
It's not just the creatures.
On this episode of Truth
Stalkers...
I mean,
how would they even know?
Nobody has ever been out there
to take a look.
Go back to the clip.
How long is that, 10 seconds?
Audio recordings of
a mysterious animal.
That... we can make that work.
...be a hotspot
of paranormal activity.
Do you want real local
or plays local?
Oh, fuck. Casting...
That, that's all we're asking.
Wonderful. I will see you soon.
We can use that scream, right?
All right.
They'll be here in 20 minutes.
That's the old Chisolm
Trail that goes right behind the...
Look, I think
I got something here.
I see nothing.
Give it a second.
- Bam. Right there.
- That's good enough.
Are you kidding me? Some asshole
in a gorilla suit in the woods?
- It's a placeholder for now.
- Are you kidding me?
No, no. I need to sell that
placeholder, remember?
This is, this is...
What is this? I mean,
is it even from the area?
Do we know anything about it?
Look, can't you just sell this,
so that we can actually go?
Make something out of nothing,
right?
Put it in the edit.
Put the scream
over the last frame.
Here.
Okay. Um, okay,
now do the zoom thing.
Zoom and scream happen
at the same time, okay?
Okay. Run it through,
just the end.
Why do I see nothing
on my screen right now?
Thank you.
The sound you hear is what some
experts believe to be an actual Bigfoot yell.
Recorded near the Brandon Diner
in 1974,
it is regarded as the most authentic audio
recording of the creature ever captured.
Growing up in the area,
we used to hear about some of the
folklore. We used to
hear some stories of...
When I was a kid, my dad, he was
interested in, in nature and,
and the magic of the nature,
things that were invisible to most.
And I was...
I never had any paranormal
experiences or anything,
- but it was an area that everyone knew about.
- It's been eight hours.
Not like I ever had
an experience or anything.
I mean, it's not like
I ever saw a ghost.
- His ass is fired.
- But I guess I...
Make some coffee.
I'd, um, I'd try to get to
school early.
- Going back to about third grade I would...
- Are they still casting?
I'd pray my bus was
even 15 minutes early,
- so I could...
- Posters.
...you know, go up to
the school library and I'd...
- I think it's gonna make it.
- Just pick it up where you were.
- I am so fucking hot.
- I'd go to the library,
um, the school library.
And I'd, I'd find the same book
every day,
and I'd read the same parts.
- And it was this book called...
- I think it's gonna make it.
...Monsters, Myths,
and Legends.
And it had this, this yellow
cover with this
dark cartoony monster
peering over the title.
- And, um...
- Are they still fucking casting?
I was totally obsessed.
I'm sure, you know, it seems
childish now, but I've been
looking for it lately.
How long you been
letting each of 'em talk?
Just keep going.
No. Actually don't.
Watch and learn, people.
Shh!
Shh.
Okay.
Nina Noon.
Nina, Nina, Nina Noon.
So tell me, why did you show up
here today?
I subscribe to, uh,
a list feed that...
No, no, no, no.
Why you should go with us?
Hmm, uh...
Just say what you're thinking.
Well, I've always been
a big fan of your show,
and I think it's, you know,
really cool to
have proof that...
Of what?
To discover something, you know,
to actually find something that...
I know exactly
what you're talking about,
UFOs and Loch Ness monsters and
spirits of
our dead fathers, hmm?
Sweetheart, you're,
you're not right for the part,
okay?
We're looking for real.
All right. Okay.
Uh, let's make a decision here.
I got an early start tomorrow
and I wanna get home.
Asshole.
What was that?
She just call me an asshole?
She just called me an asshole.
You can say it out loud, sweetheart.
Kindly lower
that left knee to use the mat.
And now the hips,
let the hand step to that right side.
You can stay right here
and reach the arms high.
Soft gaze for two.
"How surely gravity's law,
strong as an ocean current,
"takes hold of even
the strongest thing
"and pulls it toward
the heart of the world.
"Each thing, each stone,
blossom, child is held in place.
"Only we, in our arrogance,
push out beyond
"what we belong to
for some empty freedom.
"If we surrender to Earth's intelligence,
we could rise up rooted like trees."
"Instead, we entangle
ourselves in knots of our own making
"and struggle,
lonely and confused.
"So, like children,
we begin again to learn from the things."
Listen, I was just, um,
writing you. We need to talk.
Nina? Wait.
They like you.
Who does?
"This is what
the things teach us. To fall,
"patiently trusting
our heaviness.
"Even a bird has to do that
before it can fly."
This isn't why
I moved out here.
Reality shows and auditioning for assholes.
It's just...
Okay. No. Now wait. Listen, if you
don't wanna take it, someone else will.
They're waiting on an answer.
What's it gonna be, Nina?
♪ Truth Stalkers ♪
♪ We stalk the truth ♪
- All right.
- ♪ We stalk the truth ♪
Okay.
Give it a rest, man.
You love it, Rochelle.
You love it.
Oh, no. Listen to the radio.
Nope. You're stuck with me.
You fly them
around in the space,
so you can always see him,
even when you've driven off.
Truth Stalkers!
In other words, don't loose
the other vans, Roch.
It's a straight shot.
They're gonna be fine.
Here. I made
a couple playlists.
- Oh, thank you, God.
- Oh, thank God.
Password's Eric.
Oh, that's clever.
Clever
enough to bring some music.
Ow!
Eric, how's the gear?
It's solid. But, again,
not what I'm used to.
And not what
we're used to, either.
Look, we really appreciate
you taking over last minute and all.
Yeah, no doubt.
Are you gonna play it?
This soundtrack's
as old as you, Rochelle.
Hilarious.
You miss it?
Huh?
Where you're from?
You miss home?
I can barely remember.
I haven't been back in years.
Kind of like to think
I'm not from here anymore.
I can see why.
Thunderstorms
over the next few hours.
Cloudy tomorrow...
In the news today...
Nothing.
Roch-y, Roch-y, Roch.
So just to keep track.
Don't.
Lost vans, half a crew,
and now no guide.
I've done lots of shows.
Relax, dude.
We read your resume.
It's not a good sign, you know,
guide getting lost.
He'll be here. He's a local.
Are any of you our guide?
Uh, super easy. Uh, you just,
uh, you show up late,
uh, maybe not at all, maybe get
lost, lie drunk in a ditch someplace.
Would you shut up?
You're gonna get
our asses kicked.
Do you ever think
that this is your audience?
I try not to.
No, but these are the people
that actually watch your show.
Average people.
This is who you do it for.
You drive seven hours. You wade through
swamps. You scare yourself silly.
Reality.
This is reality. Not what we do.
No one would wanna
watch the real thing anyway.
It's too much
and too boring,
all at the same time.
Who would care?
Just think,
all we really wanted
was somebody to run "C" cam.
I'd settle for the bill,
actually.
This has been a joy,
but we're ready to leave now.
Okay. I tried. Let's go.
Can't we just leave some money?
I would love to, but,
uh, I don't have a bill.
You can't figure out the math?
Didn't take long for the hometown
girl to go local, did it?
Maybe she's just being decent.
Tell her to be decent
when the camera's rolling.
Where's your sense
of humor, Nina?
Eric, need you a sec.
Wanna do a little intro
with some "We're just arrived,"
talk about some recent activity,
Bigfoot, people vanishing.
- Let's get the restaurant.
- Seriously, Rochelle. What's the point?
Wait for the real crew.
This is gonna look like shit.
I got half a mind to
just pack up and go.
And just waste the fact
that we're here? Nice.
Growing up in the area, we used
to hear about some of the folklore,
we used to hear some stories of...
Say that again,
just a little louder.
- Say what again?
- Um, anything you want.
I don't know what...
Uh, just tell me
about this place.
My dad, he, um...
Yeah. Your dad?
Tell me about him.
Yeah.
When I was a kid, my dad,
he was interested in nature and...
Louder.
He was interested in
nature, in the magic of nature,
things that were
invisible to most.
That's better.
I'm gonna go get
a couple shots over here.
It's not the first time, that's for
sure. I think they'd appreciate the honesty.
Yeah. "How did you
spend our money?"
"Oh, we just took a little road trip,
and then spent a night in a hotel."
Check your phone again.
Fine.
I'm just trying to be productive.
I am not afraid to tell them
exactly what I think, and you know that.
Of course you're not,
because you never get blamed for anything.
I mean, it's easy for you to just
shrug your shoulders and laugh it off.
- Is this about the poster?
- Oh, my God.
This is about the poster.
Seriously?
I hope you're kidding.
- Oh, I hope you're kidding.
- And you're fucking...
Jeremy, let it go.
I'd love to let it go, back in the van,
as far as from here as possible, in fact.
If you only had it in you.
Give me the keys.
Do it, please.
Because this whole thing,
it works without you.
Guys, hang on.
Let me guess.
We're late.
Yeah, we're late.
Okay. Hold it
a second there, Guide.
We're waiting for
the rest of our crew
because somebody drove a little
fast and lost the rest of the vans.
There's a clearing not far in. Let's get
moving, so we make it back before dark.
Great.
Okay. Let's pack it up, people,
before one of us loses his freaking mind.
We'll find a hotel.
We'll start again tomorrow morning.
Uh, get our stuff back
from the mountain man.
This is good. This is good.
Huh. I'm not needed, right?
So you go do your thing.
You get whatever it is
you think this is all about...
Mmm-hmm.
- ...everybody shows up, I'll find you.
- Yeah.
- You won't find us.
Yeah? I've been
in the woods before.
Not here.
Please tell me
you've been recording this?
Oh, hell yeah.
Good.
Hey, can you...
The team has fallen behind.
Can you slow down?
You okay?
- Yeah.
- Better keep up.
Well, that sucked.
We made it safely.
Where?
A safe place for now.
You can begin here.
- Here.
- Okay.
For your team's arrival.
An offering to the land.
Jesus.
Hey, guys.
Come on, let's get to work,
I found something.
See? Right there.
Man, that is freaky.
Do you hear anything?
Nothing.
Okay, cut.
You got to think on your feet
here now, okay?
You heard knocking
in the distance,
or you saw a large,
shadowy figure run through the woods,
or you smelled a foul odor.
You read the packet, right?
Nina?
Make it good. Okay?
Acting. Drama.
Places. Let's go again.
- Camera's rolling.
- And action.
Guys, over here.
- What's going on?
- I was setting up a trail cam on that tree right there,
and I heard something. Something big
just, just crashing through the brush,
and it was gone so fast, I don't know what
I saw, but I know that I saw something.
Something is out there.
Okay, good.
I like that.
Let's do it again.
- Camera's rolling.
- And action, Nina.
- Hear us.
- Guys. Guys, over here.
- What's going on?
- I was setting up a trail cam...
Make our hands
respect the things you've made,
and make our ears sharp
to hear your voice.
It's not on the list.
Fuck the list, we need another
segment to make it connect.
Whoa. Whoa,
what do you think you're doing?
We just need
a few shots in a denser area.
No, no, no,
just wait, just wait.
You need to stay
in the clearing.
Dude, the camera's not rolling, so you
can drop it for a second, all right?
We love the clearing, it's fantastic, but we
need more and we don't have a lot of time.
All right. I'll find you a spot,
a great spot, just stay here.
I'll secure another place.
Great. Secure it.
Thank you.
Good job.
Let's go.
- Just wait.
- No, now you wanna wait.
We need more.
That's fine. You stay here.
I don't care.
Nina, you want to join me?
Shouldn't we wait
for the guide?
You afraid of the guide?
I can go with.
We're good.
Rochelle needs your help.
You and camera guy
do your intro.
Talk about all the amazing
shit we've seen here.
All right.
Watch your step.
Pay attention.
Here, keep it on.
Yes, ma'am.
Let's go.
Circus, isn't it?
I guess.
Ah, you hope for something
long enough,
you start to believe in
all kinds of weird shit.
Just to justify
what you're doing, yeah?
Look at Rochelle.
Whatever she was looking for
passed her by a long time ago.
So, right over there,
that's where Nina
saw the marks.
We're about to try
a call and response.
Based on numerous
eyewitness reports,
we believe that Sasquatch
uses a large branch
to strike trees
as a way to call out to others.
Perhaps as a signal,
or even as a warning.
So I am going
to emulate those sounds
and we'll see if
whatever else is out here
wants to join
in the conversation.
Jeremy for Rochelle.
We're about to initiate the tree knocks.
Check.
All quiet here.
I'm gonna do three knocks,
wait, then three knocks more.
Check.
Here goes nothing.
I'm going again.
Nice improv back there,
by the way.
Thanks.
How long you been in LA?
Coming on four years.
Yeah? Treating you good?
It's okay.
Shitty, actually.
Yeah, I would have thought there'd be
plenty of work for somebody like you.
Yeah, a few web series.
Yeah. You know
what's gonna happen?
You're gonna, you're gonna
probably get impatient
and, uh, assert yourself more.
Get aggressive.
That's how it happened for me.
You're an actor?
No, uh, worse actually,
I was a writer.
Uh, yeah.
I, uh, I almost
had a few things made.
Had an agent.
Never really went
anywhere, though.
I was working part-time
at a production company
and, um, I just kind of
stumbled into this.
And just kind of made it up
for myself with Rochelle.
I just couldn't wait
around anymore, you know?
I had to...
make something happen.
It's different for us,
you know.
There's no normal path
to success.
You know, everybody out there,
they're trying to be the next famous...
whatever.
Rochelle for Jeremy.
- Yeah.
- Update, please.
Lot of trees,
believe it or not.
Keep me posted.
Getting nervous back here.
Well, Bigfoot tried to grab me, but I
told him he didn't exist, so he ran away.
Don't be an ass.
I want to get out of here
before dark. Okay?
Oop! Oh, did I just do that?
Yeah, we should
shoot something.
You know, before we do,
though, I think, um,
maybe we should
grab a drink sometime
when we're back in LA,
talk shop.
I know a lot of people.
I bet I could help.
Yeah. We could, you know,
get the whole crew together.
That'd be fun.
Right.
Rochelle for Jeremy.
Wait here. I'm gonna
have to go find them.
Great.
Let's do another
segment up here.
Jeremy for Rochelle?
- Nothing.
- Did you feel that?
Over here? You stay here.
I'm gonna check out our spot.
Jeremy?
Yeah.
And your
dad, tell me about him.
What the hell?
It was
the weirdest thing.
I was walking. And Jeremy,
he went one way. And...
Where's Rochelle?
- Looking for you.
- Shit!
Rochelle!
Hey!
Wait!
Jeremy for Rochelle.
Nina!
Nina?
Hey!
I'm fine, by the way.
No need to worry about me.
Rochelle, you're not
gonna believe this.
You never get
blamed for anything. Ever.
It's easy for you
to just laugh it off...
Rochelle?
Is this about the poster?
It's about posters, isn't it?
Oh, I hope you're kidding.
Jeremy? Seriously, let it go.
I'd love
to let it go.
In the van,
as far from here as possible.
- Yeah!
- Really?
Do it, please.
What the fuck?
Let's go.
We don't have time.
We can't stay here.
Jeremy?
Let's go.
We need to gather the others.
Everything in nature,
even us,
has medicine,
some people call it.
It's, um, something
that's good for everyone.
It's a being's
gift to the world.
Even this.
Looks sad, painful for us.
It's passed on,
but the passing, too,
can be a gift.
Sometimes, it can be
a being's greatest gift.
And it means something
that you found it.
It's sharing
its medicine with you.
Can I give it
something too?
Mmm-hmm. A little prayer.
Or you could write
something to it.
Or you can
make it something.
A drawing.
Close your eyes.
Good.
Connect here.
When you interact this way,
nature will come closer,
and it'll teach you things.
- You'll see more...
- Nina!
Things others can't.
Thought
I could see him.
He'll be back, right?
Doubt Jeremy got too far.
No, thanks.
Just save me some
for when I panic.
Guess I already did, huh?
No, I get it.
The same thing
happened to me.
Back by the edge of the woods,
by the diner.
- Really?
- Mmm.
I saw something weird
and my mind
ran away with it.
And for just an instant,
I thought that there might actually
be something about this place.
Is that what
you were hoping for?
No, not really.
But it does
remind me of this time
I was at my friend's cabin.
We were all sleeping
on couches and the floor.
I used to always wear
these headphones, you know,
to help me get
to sleep, right?
So I wouldn't have
to hear all the snoring.
And I woke up,
and we'd all been drinking.
And I went outside,
you know, half asleep,
a little buzzed,
- to, um, uh, relieve...
- Take a piss?
Yeah. Yeah.
So I'm pissing in the woods,
and I'm listening to music,
and I hear something.
My name.
Kind of quiet,
through the music.
And I look back,
and there's nothing.
So I go back to my business,
and I hear it again,
and I look back.
And this time,
out of the darkness
comes this thing,
like a white sheet,
floating like a ghost,
calling my name.
And I just about
have a heart attack.
But it takes one more step,
and it's fully in the light.
And I see my friend with all of
his bedding, stumbling around,
drunk off his ass,
looking for a place to sleep.
You know, the interesting thing
is, though, is that I always
wish that I'd seen
a ghost or something.
You know?
I prayed for it.
Really, like, every night.
But when I actually
thought I did,
and it was right
in front of me,
I took it all back,
and I didn't want
to see a ghost at all.
I just wanted to be home.
Took you long enough.
We need to get moving.
- Get your things.
- You guys okay?
I told you not to leave.
I told you to respect this place.
- It's not safe here.
- Then take us back.
What do you think
I'm doing?
That way. That's the way
we came in.
You might think you know your way back.
You don't.
It responds. All this.
To us.
It changes and makes
new connections, always.
Every minute we're here.
Giving us just what we need.
Whatever we're afraid to see.
Get up.
Move!
Let's go!
Nina!
Eric!
Those prayers won't help.
They're not real.
Look at where
they've led you.
- How much further?
- We're close.
It's a warning.
Come on.
It's, it's just an animal.
We're close.
Come on.
Oh, my God.
Be grateful you don't
have to see what I do.
We'll
set up for the night.
We'll find our way out
in the morning, on our own.
The way out
is not the way in.
I was checking.
There was no hill.
- This isn't the same place.
- Sure it is.
It's just darker.
Nice work, you little
hopped up piece of shit.
Thanks a lot.
Every path unfolded
to the stars.
Impossible constellation.
Break through
the sheet of clouds.
- What do you see?
- Until the star.
Hey, can you stay awake?
Talk to me.
What do you see?
What? Um...
I can't
think of anything.
A little louder.
Um, maybe, uh, tell me
about this place.
How was it
growing up here?
Well, my dad.
Your dad?
Tell me about him.
He would bring me to...
There was this forest that...
Louder.
- There was this forest...
- A little louder.
Could you give it
a rest over there?
What else am
I supposed to do?
What the fuck?
What, so it's okay if you do it?
Yep.
It's my show.
Oh, man.
There's beautiful stuff.
Yeah, what does it matter?
What?
I said, what does it matter?
Hmm?
Well,
whenever whatever that witch
doctor gave us wears off,
it matters.
Would you like to offer this?
You can ask for a feather.
What did it say?
Encounter with raven
is rare.
Some people say
it gives the gift of magic.
Seeing into the dark.
I wanna do a little intro.
We just arrived. We'll talk about the
recent activity, Bigfoot, people that...
This
isn't how we're raising her.
They're offerings.
Do you know what
she brought to school today?
A dead sparrow.
- And this?
- They're like prayers.
She's praying to dead
animals now.
- No, you don't understand.
- Writing letters to them,
talking to them
out in the woods.
You're not encouraging
this anymore.
Do you understand?
This is dangerous.
Hey, where'd you
get that footage?
- What?
- The footage.
Uh, when we got here,
by the diner.
You didn't
get this from our office?
- What? The camera?
- Yeah.
- No. I got it at the rental...
- You sure?
- Yes.
- Leave him alone.
Well done.
Fuck, yes.
All right.
This is mine now.
Nobody touches it.
That means you, "C" cam.
I hope to God I still
remember this when I'm not high.
He didn't give us drugs.
Then you
explain all this?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Look, can somebody please
explain to me what the fuck...
The footage...
you shot, we saw it
six days ago.
It already happened.
- Let me see it.
- No, you're not messing this up.
Yeah. Messing what up?
The show that
I'm making about this.
This fucking show.
What? I think you'd all
be happy about this.
I'm gonna make you all famous.
So this is basically
all just one big joke to you?
You do your little thing...
- Yeah.
- ...make a mockery out of all this?
That's the show.
Well, you should be proud.
Well, I am.
People love my show.
You know why?
Because it's
a little bit clever
and a little bit spooky.
And, underneath,
it's all bullshit.
So, people will get scared,
and then...
rip it apart
during the closing credits,
so they can feel safe again.
And then tune in next week
for just enough adventure
to make your lives feel like
they fucking mean something.
But they don't.
Grow the fuck up.
Nothing means anything.
Unless we say it does.
♪ Truth Stalkers ♪
I love how smart I am
when I take drugs.
He didn't give us drugs.
Here we go again.
When?
When did he give us drugs?
I saw your eyes.
You were scared.
Why?
Explain to me...
how we got back here again.
And before, when we
were 10 feet apart,
and all of a sudden,
you were gone.
What did you see, Jeremy? Huh?
Okay.
You win.
We really are
in a magical, mystical,
wonderful forest.
Makes people disappear
and then reappear,
walk in a straight line,
but really go in a circle.
We found it.
The fucking meaning of life.
I feel so much better now.
Is it nice to believe
in shit like that?
Hopeful shit?
Does it help you
sleep better at night?
Let's go, Nina. Enough.
He's not coming with.
Why?
He's filling your head
with nonsense.
Nina Noon,
that a, uh, stage name?
Sort of.
We changed our name,
my mom and me.
She didn't want
my dad to find us.
Now you're an actress pretending
to search for a monster?
Hey, listen to this.
Why are you
so afraid of silence?
Silence is the root
of everything.
When you spiral into its void,
a hundred voices
thunder out messages
you long to hear.
This place makes me think of it.
My teacher used to recite it
when we were out here.
Do you understand
what's happening here?
We're in a spiral.
Here.
Forward
leads back.
Going out
circles in.
When we try to leave,
we come back around
to a place that feels the same.
Each rung is like an echo.
How do we get to the center?
Hey. We're leaving.
You can follow us if you want.
I'm going with him.
Could be like
a time-travel angle,
but I don't know.
Throwing a weird creature
into the mix, that might be too
much for one show. I don't know.
Just one sec. One sec.
What?
There should be
a fork in the road.
The main thing is we got
to keep this place hidden.
We got to have exclusive access.
You know, only a failed writer
would find accomplishment
in turning this all into a joke.
Why don't you trot after Nina
and your guide?
They're probably sliding down a
rainbow on a unicorn right now.
Rochelle, I'm telling you,
we got to pitch this thing
as soon as we get a signal.
- Right.
- Okay.
It's this way.
Rochelle?
All right. Hold up
a second.
I'm fine, by the way.
No need to worry about me.
Rochelle.
Hey.
Wait.
What the hell?
I see her.
Rochelle. I see her.
Let's go.
We don't have time.
You can't stay here.
Jeremy?
Let's go.
We need to gather the others.
What happened here?
Don't know.
Never been this far.
My teacher told me
it was cordoned off briefly.
People set out
to study this place...
Tried to, at least.
Laws of physics,
rules, theories, proof.
How could they understand?
What measurement,
what instrument could ever tell
that it was only
looking into a mirror?
What way of looking outward
could ever be anything
but a never-ending loop
back in?
You said
it was a warning...
the yell.
There's something here.
Everyone
sees them differently.
I like to think
they're guardians.
What do they protect?
There is something here.
Like anything,
they bring back to us
whatever we bring to it.
What do they protect?
People...
from themselves.
Great spirit,
guide me.
Send me your protection.
Even though I feel alone,
I know that you are with me.
Show me what I need to see.
Let's go, Nina. Enough.
Just like everything else
he promised you,
all that time communing
with the dead.
Those prayers won't help.
They're not real.
Look at where they've led you.
Trying to hide, little witch?
You can't talk to birds, huh?
We're gonna burn you, witch.
Nina.
Look what he's done to you.
I told you not
to do those things.
I told you this would happen.
It responds to us.
I'm getting us outta here.
He's filling
your head with nonsense.
Enough Nina.
There's nothing here.
Wait.
He's not coming with.
- Nina.
- No.
What you working on?
Look, Dad.
It's lovely, but it's
past your bedtime.
It's an offering.
Nina, we talked about that.
But I'm ready, Dad.
Teach me more.
We promised that
we wouldn't, honey.
I'm like you.
Teach me.
Tell me about this.
Was it real?
I don't...
I can't think of anything.
Um, maybe,
uh, tell me about this place.
I don't know
where to start.
Growing up in the area, we used
to hear about some of the...
folklore. We used to hear
some stories of...
- Say that again, just a little louder.
- Say what?
- My dad, he...
- Your dad,
oh, that's better.
Um, anything you want.
Yeah.
He taught me, um...
Louder.
A little louder.
When I was a kid,
my dad, he, uh,
he was interested in nature,
in the magic of nature.
He was just fascinated by it.
And he saw things
that were invisible to most.
And I thought if I could
open my mind...